Build503 verification / v3.1.182

Scope: Gorilla minigame pacing, 1-3 sequential pulls per turn, camera staging,
natural hair drawing, five cosmetic raised follicles, new countdown art and
four additional safe reaction poses. Every pull has a mandatory reaction reveal.

76 passing tests:
node --test tests/build503-gorilla.test.mjs tests/build501-colors.test.mjs tests/build500-canal.test.mjs tests/build500-integration.test.mjs tests/build499-colors.test.mjs tests/build484-cabbage.test.mjs tests/build498-zoom.test.mjs

New 20 tests cover:
1-4 humans with AI and frozen colors; 50/60 second boundaries; paused reaction
and camera time; continuing without refreshing the budget; 1/2/3-pull turns;
all 30 losing hairs x 4 first seats; no cosmetic odds bias or secret-field leak;
identical delayed and frequent ticks; automatic pull/pass behavior; duplicate,
stale, invalid and out-of-turn input; host/ownership/version gates; old 502
active-match completion followed by a new 503 replay; persisted server restart;
matching four-client results without account charges; replay/list idempotency;
rapid frontend requests; camera reveal and reduced-motion behavior; 44px touch
target positions at phone sizes 320x344, 375x430, 390x460, 430x540; longer loser
flight; no always-visible progress/timer and clear result controls.

Existing Build502 tests describe the old 6-hair protocol and are not included in
this total. Active legacy behavior is explicitly exercised by the new tests.
Missing base-game catalogs and MonsterVisual.js in this partial checkout are
supplied only as in-memory test fixtures when absent. No fake production files
are shipped. The real server coordinator/party routing and all current engines
are loaded by integration tests.

Timing and randomness:
60,000ms thinking budget per turn; warning shown only for remaining <=10,000ms
in playing/decision states. Countdown 4,000ms, focus 650ms, pull 850ms, safe reveal
2,600ms, handoff 850ms, final blast 5,200ms do not consume thinking budget.
At deadline, a turn with zero pulls selects one random remaining hair; a turn
with at least one pull passes. Secret target uses server crypto.randomInt(30).
The five pimple roots, bends and hair positions are public cosmetic constants;
no effect on the target or odds. No rank/attribute/ownership benefit.
Duplicate decisions are keyed by sender + turn + event count + action.

Visual implementation:
Scene503.js is the production native Canvas renderer. It uses the generated
RGBA full-body king, reaction atlas, countdown emblem and existing court and
rage/drumming atlas. Rooted tapered hair curves, pores, five soft red raised
follicles, skin stretch/recoil, pinching tool and detached hair are code-native
animation, anchored in the same camera space as the king. Thirty transparent
44px HTML buttons provide accessible labels and keyboard focus. They do not
show numbers, heavy outlines or circular icons in normal play.
The canvas uses up to 2x DPR. Existing play zoom lock includes new hair targets.
Reduced motion removes the camera tween, skin-pull movement and flying actors.

Preview:
The final PNG was rendered with production Scene503.js and actual art, inspected,
and adjusted to keep targets below the top cue on narrow screens. Native preview
uses the crying safe pose for the demonstration; real poses are server-selected.
Player monster HTML, top player cards and action toolbar are omitted.
This is not a browser screenshot and is not evidence of actual Safari interaction.
Local Cloud Browser navigation was previously rejected by automatic approval
review (ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT); no alternative route was used.
Actual Safari, real multi-device network latency and full DOM layout remain
unverified. No deployment was performed.

Release:
All changed JavaScript parses. Import map aliases, CSS link, app version,
new worker key, offline asset entries and package manifest were checked.
ZIP uses standard Deflate; CRC and hashes of all extracted files are verified.
