Build502 verification / 2026-09-21

Scope: New free four-player luck-only party minigame: Gorilla King's chest-hair plucking.
Existing minigame mechanics are unchanged; common party routing now recognizes gorilla.

74 passing tests:
node --test tests/build502-gorilla.test.mjs tests/build501-colors.test.mjs tests/build500-canal.test.mjs tests/build500-integration.test.mjs tests/build499-colors.test.mjs tests/build484-cabbage.test.mjs tests/build498-zoom.test.mjs

The checkout contains patches only. Missing base species/endgame catalogs and
MonsterVisual.js are supplied as in-memory test fixtures only when absent. No
production catalog, MonsterVisual module, or browser runtime was fabricated.
The real RaceCoordinator, party handlers and all game engines are tested.

New tests cover:
- 1, 2, 3, 4 authenticated humans plus AI, capabilities and matching public states.
- All 24 first-seat/losing-hair combinations; a single loser and sequential turns.
- No secret target or private PRNG/owned roster in network projections.
- Safe feedback does not depend on the secret target; AI/timeouts sample remaining hairs.
- Server-time enforcement, ownership, host-only starts, readiness and active-game locks.
- Duplicate, rapid, stale, out-of-turn and late input behavior.
- Automatic completion during disconnection; bounded deterministic catch-up.
- Atomic state persistence and restart without duplicated pulls.
- No GOLD, crystal, reward, fatigue or progression changes from the new game.
- Correct longer flight for the loser, landing before result, reduced-motion behavior.
- Frozen player colors; HTML targets and preloading guard.
- Host/guest result navigation; idempotent replay/list and switching to other minigames.

Timing:
1.5 second initial cue; each turn at most 1.5 seconds; safe reaction 0.4 seconds;
final blast 2.9 seconds. All-human all-timeout arithmetic average over equally likely
losing positions is 10.65 seconds, maximum 15.4 seconds. Manual and AI selections are
usually faster. Network display follows the authoritative server clock and may lag.

Art and native preview:
The three production PNG assets are imagegen outputs, with actual alpha for the
four-pose 2x2 atlas. Sprite atlas cell size is 627 x 627; CSS uses 200% background
sizing and four exact positions. Selectable curls and numeric labels are code-native
SVG/HTML overlays, never part of the secret-target image. New play assets decode
before Ready is enabled. CSS is scoped to .gg502. Changed modules and new art are
registered in import map / build502 offline cache.

The preview was composed with native Canvas from the actual production court,
atlas, shared hair anchors, frame selector, and caption functions, then inspected.
It omits player monsters, top player list, and action toolbar. It is a design
preview, NOT a browser screenshot or evidence of actual DOM/touch behavior.
Cloud Browser local navigation was previously rejected by automatic approval
review (ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT); no retry, alternative browser, proxy or tunnel was used.
iPhone Safari and live four-device interaction remain unverified.

Release checks:
JavaScript syntax for all changed modules, changed-module import aliases, entry
version, CSS link, worker registration and offline resource entries verified.
ZIP CRC and all extracted file SHA-256 hashes match the included manifest.
The ZIP is a standard Deflate archive containing paths relative to the existing
Build501 game root. No server state, credentials, base stubs or temporary modules
are included. No deployment was performed.
